= RubyFlashbake

A Ruby project inspired by Thomas Gideon's python "Flashbake":http://wiki.github.com/commandline/flashbake project.

== What it is

A set of routines to help with writing and blogging.

== "But, why?" you ask

I thought that Flashbake was a very cool project, but since I spend time in the Ruby world - and do more blogging than writing - converting it to Ruby seemed like a fun weekend project. Plus, I wanted to experiment with monitoring directories, building an app that works well with small Ruby plugins, and do some web scraping.

As always, it's all about writing snippets of fun code.

== Use

Run "rubyflashbake --example" in the directory you want to watch to dump the configuration file.  Fill in as needed and then launch rubyflashbake and enjoy automatic git and github commits with lots of fun location and web aware commit comments.  Bask in joy.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Cory Ondrejka

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
